File: R2-16- audio.m4a
Model: nova-2 | Language: hi | Confidence: 97.1% | Duration: 815s
============================================================

[ENGLISH]
Nowadays you know that gold is being talked about everywhere.  Maybe one day people around you will also be talking about this.  Have you noticed anything like how its market price is increasing?  Of Gold?  Yes.  The price of gold has gone up in recent days to be covered in money.  Yes.  So first enter 5.25 rupees up to 3.5 lakhs, child.  It is also costing Rs 6.25 lakh for half a day.  Do you have any idea how much more the dealer charges than the market share?  Is it an estimate or a percentage amount?  Of Gold?  Yes.  Whatever is my experience in gold, recently two years ago I had 6.240 grams of gold i.e. six six grams, six years ago it was two hundred and forty grams, so that means half of the deal, it is worth something.  Transferred the number, will it work?  Have to change from one name to another.  Yes yes.  Franchise will be done again today, so those who are sitting in the bullion market, I saw that they keep a good margin on the cutting, they must have kept a good margin on it, one guy had quoted the rate as one lakh ninety-seven thousand, one had quoted two lakh seven eight thousand, that is fine and I would understand that in about a month the gold was worth above two and a half lakh rupees by cutting it to ten fifteen twenty thousand rupees but during my time they  Till forty five thousand thirty five thousand rupees is cutting for half the wash.  It was after so many days that she had those earrings, she knows that they are not there.  He made that sale and you are telling it back again.  So he is six years old, two hundred and forty grams, then even if Nisarg is sixteen, then that too is above five and a half lakhs, that is, above two and a half lakh rupees. If the shopkeeper has bought it for two lakh seven eight thousand rupees, then if its cleaning price is very high, then five thousand eight thousand fifty thousand is fine for finishing, cleaning or polishing it.  He has kept a margin of around forty thousand rupees.  So what will be the benefit this Diwali?  In this way, even a repetitive one, where did it go, above this, this etc.  Now brother, how should we do it in the research phase, then where is the company?  Now the international app will be launched.  There is no name etc. but right now we are on the research stage.  No, it is not you yourself, nor any group, think if.  How will you get that gold kept near the place where we are purchasing it?  Yes, you can buy it for at least Rs 500.  Imagine if you can buy real gold from your phone and it is secure within the walls of Dubai and now you can buy just five hundred rupees like I said and that real gold will be in your name. So what is your first reaction after hearing this?  The reaction is such that it seems difficult because it is okay that they are bringing forward the digital system but it is difficult in our system, coffee on top of this you should struggle in the system because now we among our people are now settled with easy money and gas because these companies have forced them to come here. It is okay because even our easy money has been justified for a long time, it has experience with digital transactions, so first of all the free of cost services that they have given to the people, on the basis of that, now four things have come.  Please note that there was a time when I was neither a shopkeeper nor a shop owner, nor did I do any work worth one lakh rupees per day. So, Easy Paisa Company, Easy Paisa Company used to give us so much margin that it used to give fifty to sixty thousand rupees to the shopkeeper.  Yes.  Then a time came that they reduced the commission to the shopkeeper, okay?  Then a time came that even now the shopkeeper does not have any commission, that is, he is getting two to three thousand rupees on top of the lakh, so now he has kept his charges in the shopkeeper's wire, okay, so all that burden of people which comes on top of him in the air, so this kind of experience means that you will have to put such things in place, then in future it will come out ahead because the turn of the digital system considers this to be the case here.  Well, those two numbers are too many here, there are a lot of scams happening there, so trust on them too.  An important thing is that all the jewelers etc. charge five or six times more than the market price.  Like one or two lakh rupees, they charge thirty to forty thousand rupees and through this app you buy gold at direct market rate and there are no extra charges on it.  If the customer wants to save extra money and get that gold directly at the market rate, do you think he would be interested in it?  Whatever may happen, but the first thing is that what should the people do for themselves? We have to trust Abhijeet. Is it okay to bring the trust payment this morning?  When we trust now, then after this and so soon we no longer trust the digital system.  At our place, we also have customers of DJ, we also have customers of BerryA, we also have customers of Kachi Aabadi, who is the working class, who only accesses TikTok and Facebook on mobile, he also knows what this is and what it is not.  So, for so much awareness, so many systems have been created for those people who are educated or literate, there is no problem for them, they trap and check everything, basically everything in the net will be for the common man, right?  Yes. Because those who are educated are on the left, they are cooking something or the other here themselves, eating something or the other, but this is for the common left, I will not be able to understand everything in the common left, it seems difficult to understand what it means.  In this both the meanings of buyer cell have been simplified.  Sir, if you click on a button for transaction in easy money or cash, then you can send money, you can also withdraw it and in the same way, if you want to get physical gold with you, then you can also get it from the wall.  Yes yes yes.  Will reach inside within a week.  Will reach within a week.  Now you.  It will be stored in Pakistan or in the vault of Dubai.  Ok.  There will be a store there.  You can order it whenever you want and it doesn't have to happen within a week.  Now you have come to know that through this app it is easy to buy, it is easy to see, it is easy to order.  So does this change your trust or premium?  Change happens but the first thing is that how will we consider this app that you are talking about?  How can we have confidence in that?  When the app becomes known or a customer comes on board, that is a later matter.  First of all, I am talking to you that this type of app is very difficult because gold is a very expensive thing and people have to spend on it and invest their money on it, that is, if a person buys ten times more for a common thing, then he will be left with only that, what is the advantage of this app, what is the disadvantage, we will invest so much money to purchase, how is the company because here big people have done such work as they say, they have made this kind of app and raised money.  By doing this app, in the last two years, such apps like NGR etc. had come in which people used to get higher percentage of profit on it and used to invest money.  So the app will also be an app, the prisoner will also be an app and there will be no other thing in it, this is me.  Well, if you have easy money and a fair commission on it, would you like to sell this product in your shop?  That is, if we like the product, that means it will be its experience and till the time a common and young person knows about it, at least.  What is the first thing you feel is important to see or understand?  When do you know that you are comfortable selling it further?  Meaning, when you open the app, what do you think is the first thing you will see that makes you think that yes, I will use this app and I can sell it further or am I comfortable in selling it further?  No, is the app only about gold or something else?  Yes, right now I have come to you only for gold but more features will also come in it. Will add.  Yes right now because we are in the research phase.  This way, nothing can be said right now.  No, what do you mean, there should be something which I will feel comfortable after seeing, that yes, I have this app, it is like that, whenever I have to go to the bank for cash or for gold, I have to keep it somewhere to save, then I get attached to a system, so that is a very easy thing, it is very beneficial, that is, we get one thing in two, four, six days and it is also safe, okay, so when we keep gold etc. in the bank or something,  If we keep the money then it is not given to us in a day, it is a process of one or two days, all that is a great thing in that way, but this best thing has to be better first and after getting better, it has to become the best.  If a customer comes to you and wants to buy gold worth a thousand rupees, will you tell him that there is an app through which you can buy real gold at minimal cost?  Yes and you can buy it at that rate, will you tell this to your customer?  The customer is the same, that is, my experience will be on one thing, just as I am currently working for this money or I am working on gas, so the experience we get in them is now our retailer account which is a retailer by reference to the shop and a customer wise, so you will not have to keep an app either retailer and customer wise, there will be a retailer, now retailer wise, the company resolves us, now in the retailer, the shopkeepers who are attached with you, it is your responsibility to them that you  How to handle them i.e. if they have any issue then in whatever way I can personally make easy money.  If I send money to your account, if any fake transaction or account gets blocked in my account, then I will have to struggle myself, will have to work hard myself to get it, will have to get that done by going and tell me for what purpose the money has come and what has happened.  Then the bank will give me 10 more minutes to open the account.  If I have a retailer account and if such an issue arises in any transaction, then that company remains efficient for me, I do not face any problem wherever I go, that is, they will let me stay without any issue.  So this means that you want to attach overall happiness with you.  what sir?  That is, every shopkeeper should come on it, every person is engaged in today's system, every person is engaged in the field of IIT.  That one of Thandi is with the approval of the government, right?  It will happen with government approval so no one has any issue with it. Which is going into the system with government approval.  If it is like this, what people are making privately, in the past, maybe you have the idea that people had done a lot of work with the idea of saving, maybe you have the idea of it or not, this is about 2012, this is 2015, so because of that, some people thought that it was still visible in a legal way, but on top of that, lakhs and crores of rupees had gone to some people and some people had earned profit somewhere, so it is like this.  If it is a sham, then there is no benefit in it, but if it was approved by the government, then Corona Pakistan should approve it and shade it, then if this kind of work is done then people might come upon it.

============================================================

[ROMAN URDU]
aajakal aapako pata hai ki gold kee har jagah baat ho rahee hai. ho sakata hai ek din ke log bhee aapake aasapaas jo hai log bhee is baare mein baat kar rahe hain. aapane kuchh aisa notichai vagairah kiya hai ki kis tarah se markait prichai isakee badh rahee hai? gold kee? jee. gold kee abhee dinon mein tel huee hai prichai paise mein chovair aane. jee. to pahale teen saadhe teen laakh tak kee paanch sava paanch daal do bachche. ek aadhe din ke lie chhah sava chhah laakh rupe bhee ho raha hai. aapako idai hai ki daialair kitana markait sharai se kitana zyaada chhargai karata hai? andaaza hai ya pairchaintagai amount hai na? gold kee? jee. gold mein jo hai na jo mera aixpairiainchai hai abhee raichaintly do saal ke paas gold ka 6.240 gram yaanee chhah chhah gram, chhah saal ke do sau chaalees gram tha, to vah yaanee yaanee aadha sauda banata hai kuchh to usaka. transfair kar lie numbair, chalega? ek naam se doosare naam par karana hai. jee jee. franchhisai se hoga aaj dubaara franchhisai to jo jo baithe hain na yah sarafa baazaar vaale inamen mainne dekha ki theek thaak margin rakhate hain chutting ka jo unhonne vah apana vah rakha hoga na us par achchha khaasa margin hai vah usaka ek bande ne usaka ratai lagaaya tha ek laakh sattaanave hazaar ek ne lagaaya do laakh saat aath hazaar theek hai aur main samajh loonga bahut takareeban maheena adhaee laakh se oopar ka sona tha chutting karake das pandrah bees hazaar kar len lekin takareeban unhonne mere samay tak chaalees paintaalees hazaar paintees hazaar rupe chutting kee hai aadhe dhone ke lie. yah abhee itane dinon ke baad unake paas vah the vah baaliyaan nahin hotee hai vah to jaanatee hain. vah unhonne unhonne vah salai kie hain na dobaara vaapas suna rahe ho. to vah usane chhah saaliya do sau chaalees gram to agar nisarg solah bhee kare to vah bhee saadhe paanch yaanee dhaee laakh se oopar banata hai to vah do laakh saat aath hazaar rupe mein dukaanadaar le lee hai to usakee saphaee prichai zyaada bahut karen to paanch hazaar aath hazaar pachaas hazaar usako finish saphaee ya usake oopar polish karane mein theek hai. takareeban chaalees tak hazaar rupe jo hai na inhonne margin rakha hoon. to yah is kya faayada hoga yah deevaalee? is tarah to ek raipaititivai vaale bhee to vah kahaan gaya na isake oopar, yah vagairah ke oopar. abhee ham log bhaee raisaiarchh phasai mein kis tarah se karana hai to chompany kahaan par kahaan kee chompany hai? abhee intairnational app vah launchh hoga. naam vagairah kuchh bhee nahin hai lekin abhee ham raisaiarchh fachai par hain. nahin yah aap khud aap na aap koee group na sochie agar. aap vah gold ko kis hisaab se matalab yaanee ham purchhasai kar rahe karane ke paas rakhava denge mil jaega. jee, kam se kam paanch sau rupe ka bhee khareed sakate hain. sochie agar aap asalee gold aap apane phonai se khareed sakate hain aur dubai ke walls mein saichurai ho aur ab sirf aap paanch sau rupe ka jaise mainne kaha aap khareed sakate hain aur vah raial gold hoga aapake naam par. to yah sunakar aapaka is baat par kya aapaka pahala raiachtion hai? raiachtion aisa hee hai ki aisa mushkil nazar aa raha hai kyonki theek hai digital systaim ko aage lekar aa rahe hain lekin hamaare systaim mein to mushkil hai isake oopar choffaiai aapako strugglai chaahie systaim mein kyonki ab ham hamaaree avaam mein aiasy paisa aur gas gas se bhee yah abhee vah basta huee hai kyonki in kampaniyon ne inako majaboor karake yahaan par le gaya hai theek hai kyonki hamaara kaaphee timai se aiasy bhee paisa jaayaj gaya isaka digital transachtion ke saath aixpairiainchai hai to pahale inhonne logon ko jo fraiai of chost sairvichais dee hai na unake balaboote par aa ke abhee chaar cheez zaroor lagaen yaanee ek vakt tha ki main dukaanadaar hoon na to daar hoon na to mainne ek laakh rupe ka din koee bhee paisa ka work kiya to mujhe aiasy paisa chompany, aiasy paisa chompany jo hai na hamen itana margin de detee thee ki pachaas saath hazaar dukaan daar ko detee thee. haan. phir ek vaqt aaya ki dukaanadaar ko unhonne chommission kam kar diya theek hai. phir ek vaqt aaya ki ab bhee dukaanadaar ka chommission hai hee nahin hai yaanee laakh ke oopar use do teen hazaar rupaya aa rahe hain to ab vah usane apane chhargais rakh die dukaanadaar taar mein, theek hai to vo saara ka saara burdain paioplai jo hava mein unake oopar aa gaya to is tarah ka jo aixpairiainchai hai matalab aapako is tarah kee cheezen lagaanee padegee phir aage jaakar yah kaheen aage nikal aaega kyonki digital systaim ko baaree yah maamala maanatee hai idhar. theek hai yahaan par vah do numbair bhee bahut hai na scham bahut ho rahe hain to usake oopar trust bhee karatee hai vahaan. ek important baat yah hai ki jitane bhee jaiwailairs vagairah hain vah markait prichai se paanch ya chhah guna zyaada aixtr chhargai karate hain. jaise ek do laakh rupe vah tees se chaalees hazaar rupe chhargai karate hain aur is app ke zarie aap diraicht markait ratai par gold khareedate hain aur is par koee aixtr chhargais nahin hote hain. agar chustomair ko vah junior ke aixtr paise bachaane ho aur seedha markait ratai par vah gold mile to aapako lagata hai ki unako isamen intairaistaid hoga? jaise bhee hoga lekin sabase pahalee baat hai na aavaam ko usaka apana kya karana abhijeet ka etabaar karavaana hai aaj subah trust paymaint lekar aana theek hai? jab ab ham trust karenge to usake baad yah aur itanee jaldee ab ham trust nahin karatee hai digital systaim ke oopar. jo hamaare hamaare yahaan par hamaare paas d j ka bhee chustomair hai bairry ka bhee chustomair hai vah hamaare paas kaachee aabaadee ka bhee chustomair hai jo mazadoor tabaka hai jo mobilai par sirf tiktok aur fachaibook ya tak pahunchata hai use bhee pata hai yah kya cheez hai kya nahin hai. to itanee awarainaiss ke lie itanee systaim ko vah vah log jo aiduchataid hai ya padhee likhe hain ishaaron milaane vaale hain unake lie to koee masala nahin vah to har cheez ko trap karake chhaichk kar lete hain nait mein bhee saare basichally to aam aam aam ke lie hoga na. jee. kyonki jo padhee likhee hai vaam hai vah to apane koee na koee khud hee yahaan par bana rahee hai kuchh na kuchh kha rahee hai lekin yah to aam vaam ke lie aam vaam mein maalee sab nahin samajh mein bata paoonga matalab vah isaka vah diffichult nazar aa raha hai. isamen buyair chaill donon matalab aasaan kar die hain. ek button par chlichk karo to sir aiasy paisa mein ya chash chash mein transachtion ke lie ek button par chlichk karate hain to paise saind bhee kar sakate hain aap nikalava bhee sakate hain aur usee tarah agar physichal aapane gold apane paas mangavaana hai to aap mangava bhee sakate hain wall se. haan haan haan. hafte ke andar andar hee pahunch jaega. ek hafte ke andar pahunch jaega. ab aapako. yah pakistan mein ya storai yah dubai ke vault mein hoga. theek hai. vahaan par storai hoga. aapane jab chaahe aap mangavaana chaahe aap mangava sakate hain aur yah haphte ke andar nahin hoga. ab aapako matalab pata chal gaya hai ki is app ke jarie aasaan hai khareedana bhee aasaan hai, dekhana bhee aasaan hai, mangavaana bhee aasaan hai. to kya isase aapaka trust ya praimium chhangai hota hai? chhangai hota hai lekin sabase pahalee baat hai ki yah jo aap jis app kee baat kar rahee hai na us app ko ham maanenge kaise? usake oopar hamen yakeen kaise hoga? jab app jaan jaatee hai ya usake oopar chustomair aa jaata hai vah to baad kee baat hai na. sabase pahale aapakee main yah baat kar raha hoon ki is tarah kee app bahut mushkil hai kyonki sona jo hai na vah ek bahut hee matalab vah hai na mahangee cheez hai aur usake oopar logon ko kharch karana hai aur usake oopar apanee invaist lagaana vah yaanee ek banda aam cheez ke lie das dapha to usake lie zyaada bas bachega ki aaya ki is app ka mein kya faayada hai kya nukasaan hai ham itane paise lagaenge purchhasai karenge chompany kaisee hai kyonki yahaan par to bade bade logon ne bolate tarah ke kaam kie hain is tarah kee app banaee hai paisa uthaaya hai app karake yah pichhale saal do saal mein to ngr vagairah is tarah kee app aaee thee ki jinhonne logon ne usake oopar pairchaintagai bhee oopar vah profit aata tha aur paise invaist karate the the. to app bhee app hogee bandee bhee app hogee aur koee cheez nahin usamen hogee yah mainne. achchha agar aapako aiasy paise hai jayaaz ke is tarah is par chommission mile to kya yah producht aap apanee shop par bechana pasand karenge? vahee na agar agar producht hamen pasand aaegee to yaanee vah usaka aixpairiainchai hoga aur usaka aavaam mein ek aam aur javaan jab tak bhee pata hota tab tak to. aap pahalee aisee kya cheez dekhana ya samajhana zarooree samajhate hain? jab pata ki aap isako aage bechane mein chomfortablai ho? matalab aap jab app kholenge dekhenge to aapako kya lagata hai ki aap pahale kya cheez dekhenge jisase aapako lagata hai ki haan main yah app usai karoonga aur main isako aage bech sakata hoon ya main chomfortablai hoon isako aage bechane mein? nahin app mein sirph sona hee hai ya aur. jee abhee to sirph main aapake paas gold ke lie aaee hoon but isamen aur bhee faiaturais aaainge. add karenge. haan abhee kyonki ham log raisaiarchh phasai mein. is tarah to abhee kuchh bhee nahin kah sakate. nahin aapako matalab kya lagata hai ki kuchh aisee cheez ho jisako dekhakar main chomfortablai faiail karoonga ki haan main yah app vah vah to aise hee hai ki jis tarah bhee mujhe chash ke lie ya sone ke lie bank jaana padata hai kaheen par savai karane ke lie rakhana padata hai to main ek systaim ke saath attachh ho jaata hoon to vah to bahut aiasy baat hai bahut faayade ke lie hai yaanee do chaar chhah din mein ek cheez hamen mil jaatee hai aur hai bhee safai theek hai to bank vagairah mein bhee jab ham sona vagairah rakhavaate hain ya koee paisa rakhavaate hain to vah bhee to hamen ek din mein to nahin dete vah bhee ek do din ka prochaiss hota hai vah saara to us tarah to behatareen cheez hai lekin yah behatareen cheez ko pahale behatar hona aur behatar hone ke baad behatareen banane ke lie. agar koee chustomair aapake paas aata hai hazaar rupe ka hamane sona khareedane hain to kya aap usako bataenge ki ek app hai jo kam se kam paison mein raial sona khareedane khareed khareed sakate hain aap usake through. haan aur aap matalab ratai par aap khareed sakate hain kya aap yah baat matalab apane chustomair ko bataenge? chustomair ko vahee hai na ki ek cheez ke oopar mein mera aixpairiainchai hoga jis tarah abhee main isee paisa kaam kar raha hoon yaan gas ka kaam kar raha hoon to unamen hamen jo aixpairiainchai hota hai vo ab hamaara raitailair achchount hota hai jo dukaan ke havaale se ek raitailair hota hai aur ek chustomair wisai to aapako app bhee na raitailair and chustomair wisai rakhanee padegee ek raitailair hogee ek ab raitailair wisai hamen chompany raisolvai kar detee hai ab raitailair mein aapane jo dukaanadaar aapake saath attachh hote hain to vo unako aapakee raisponsibility hai ki aapane kis tarah unako handlai karana hai unako yaanee unaka koee issuai aata hai to kisee tarah ka bhee jis tarah bhee mera agar pairsonally aiasy paisa main karata hoon. main aapake achchount mein paise bhejata hoon, to mera achchount mein koee fakai transachtion ya achchount blochk ho jaata hai, to mujhe khud strugglai karanee padegee, khud mehanat karake unako milate karanee padegee, vah by mattair karavaanee padegee jaakar vah mujhe bataana padega kis cheez ke paise aae hain kya hua hai. phir mujhe 10 minutai aur bank vaale achchount opain karake denge. agar mera raitailair achchount hai usakee koee transachtion mein koee aisa issuai aa jaata hai to vah mujhe chompany kaaragar rahatee hai vah mujhe diqqat nahin hotee ki main kaheen bhee jaoon vah mujhe matalab koee issuai nikaalakar rahane denge. to yah yah aap ovairall harsh aapake saath saath attachh karana chaahate hain is tarah matalab vah. kya sir? yaanee har dukaanadaar isake oopar aa jae har banda hai aaj ka to jo systaim hai na iit kee fiaild mein har banda laga hua hai. ek vah govairnmaint ka approval ke saath hai thandee ka vah, theek hai? govairnmaint approval ke saath hoga na to usamen kisee ka koee issuai nahin hai. jo govairnmaint approval ke saath systaim ja raha hai. vah agar isee tarah jo privataily log bana rahe hain abhee tarah pichhale kuchh aisa pahale shaayad aapako idai ho ke ke vaale se logon ne kaafee work kiya tha idai savai karane ke vaale se kuchh aisa pahale aaya tha shaayad aapako isaka idai hai ki nahin yah do hazaar baarah yah do hazaar pandrah kee baat hai to us vajah se kuchh logon ne matalab vah tha abhee laigal tareeke se nazar aa raha tha lekin usake oopar kuchh logon ka laakhon karodon rupe gaya ho gaya tha aur kuchh logon ne kaheen profit kamaaya tha to vah yah hai is tarah ka dhong sa ho to phir to usaka koee faayada nahin hai lekin agar govairnmaint ke approval ke tha to choron pakistan usako approvai kare aur usako chhaaya kare to is tarah ka agar kaam ho to phir log shaayad isake oopar aa jaen.
